Update CHANGELOG for v0.3.4 (#515)
yorkie-team/yorkie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.4] - 2023-04-18

> ### Added
> * Add Helm Charts for Yorkie server cluster and monitoring/ArgoCD addons to support K8s cluster by @krapie in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/507
> * Add a `push_only` flag to support sync mode in PushPull by @humdrum in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/500
> 
> ### Changed
> * Replace the etcd-based cluster mode with a sharding-based cluster for improved performance and scalability by @hackerwins in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/504
> * Set the default values for MaxConnectionAge and MaxConnectionAgeGrace to infinity by @krapie in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/514
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
* Add Yorkie Helm Charts by @krapie in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/507
* Add gRPC MaxConnectionAge & MaxConnectionAgeGrace Options by @krapie in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/512
* Extend PushPull to support sync mode by adding push-only flag by @humdrum in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/500

### Removed
* Remove etcd-based cluster mode and replace it with sharding by @hackerwins in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/504

### Fixed
* Lock watchDocuments depending on the client and doc by @chacha912 in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/506
* Fixed a guide about path of docker-compose.xml file by @maruldy in https://github.com/yorkie-team/yorkie/pull/511

```
